                   Sana Mobile Client

Overview. The new client code is intended to be a self-contained, modularized, 
project including all necessary support libraries and unit testing code. 

Contents:
1.  api - Pure Java library consisting of POJO's and code w/o Android 
    dependencies
2.  api-android - Common library for Sana mobile Android client as well 
    external plugin apps. 
3.  app-android - Sana mobile client
4.  libs - Additional libraries required by the projects.

Development Requirements
------------------------
1.  Git
2.  JDK(latest 1.6 release)
3.  Android ADT Bundle
      http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html
4.  Android Support Library(Install using SDK manager)
      http://developer.android.com/tools/support-library/setup.html
    Should be included with ADT
5.  Add API 7 using SDK manager
5.  Android virtual device or phone which supports API 7

Code installation instructions.
-------------------------------
1.  Start Eclipse bundled with ADT 
2.  Import the sana code projects:
    a. File --> Import --> Git --> Projects from Git
    b. Use following URI for import
        https://code.google.com/p/sana.mobile/
    c. Select all branches
    d. Use defaults for local destination
    e. Select all of the projects
       api
       api-android
       app-android
       app-android-tests
3.  Add android-support-v7-appcompat project to your workspace
    *** The sana.mobile code assumes it has been copied into the workspace.
    *** If you do not copy you will need to update the library reference later.
    Important:
    a. Add to Java Build Path
         android-support-v4.jar
         android-support-v7-appcompat.jar
    b. Select Android Private Libraries in Export tab of Java build path
    For more info:
        http://developer.android.com/tools/support-library/setup.html#libs-with-res

Troubleshooting
---------------
A.  Missing Android dependencies. Use the "Android SDK Manager" to add any 
    missing API levels. In Eclipse, it can be launched by selecting
        Window --> Android SDK Manager 
B.  "NoClassDefFoundError" when running the client application. By default, the 
    ADT plugin does not export libraries included in the build. To correct this
    issue, right click on the project in Eclipse and open the Properties window.
    Select: Java Build Path --> Order and Export 
C.  Path issues with v7-appcompat library reference in api-android. Open
    Project Properties --> Android and check the Library references at the 
    bottom of the window. A large red x by the v7-appcompat indicates the path needs to
    be corrected. Remove and re-add the appcompat project from your workspace.
    
Licensing
---------
This software is released under the BSD License. Please see LICENSE for a full
copy of the license and copyright information. Licensing information for
additional software included with this product can be found in the NOTICE.

Cryptographic Software Notice
-----------------------------

This distribution may include software that has been designed for use
with cryptographic software. The country in which you currently reside
may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export
to another country, of encryption software. BEFORE using any encryption
software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies
concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption
software, to see if this is permitted. See <http://www.wassenaar.org/>
for more information.

The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and
Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity
Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security
software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric
algorithms. The form and manner of this Apache Software Foundation
distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception
ENC Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS
Export Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object
code and source code.

The following provides more details on the included software that
may be subject to export controls on cryptographic software:

  Apache HttpComponents Client interfaces with the
  Java Secure Socket Extension (JSSE) API to provide

    - HTTPS support

  Apache HttpComponents Client does not include any
  implementation of JSSE.
  
  
Contact
-------
Additional information can be found at, or is linked from, the main project 
site: http://sana.mit.edu
 